# introduction
## introduce project
What is this? This is 30 Days of Learning Content Strategy. It's me taking a deep dive to develop a content strategy template that is easy for me to implement and execute no matter what insane projects I decide to pursue.
## introduce hashtag
#30DaysOfContentStrategy 
Use this hashtag to follow along
## introduce the GitHub repository
### quick intro to GitHub
This is mostly used for software development and code repositories, but lots of people use it for other purposes too. I use it for my version control and backups for my stories, for example. Now I'm using for this shit too.
### quick intro to Obsidian
Obsidian is awesome. You can keep it as simple as you want, or turn it into a project powerhouse. It is up to you.
### quick explanation of Obsidian module system
There's a template vault, and there's the repository for this content strategy development project. I will also make my Marketing Library public so you can make use of that too.
## what do I hope to get out of this?
1. I want to get back into the habit of regular content creation
2. I want to get over feeling like it has to be perfect in order to post it
3. I want to get comfortable building in public
4. I want to get comfortable promoting my shit
## what am I promoting today?
Nothing specific, but rather a quick and dirty overview of everything I'm working on:
- strvtmvmnt: come do yoga online. I also offer in-person classes on Saturday mornings
- LVNACY: personal design and code studio. I can help you get up and running on platforms. I'm not ready to assist with marketing endeavors just yet.
- Mad Alex: I write horror and drama! Go get it.